- [Nana] My dream was to
make it big with the band
and become a household
name all over Japan.
Even if it meant that the
one person I love the most
would never say my name again.
- [Ginpei] Rehearsal starts at
noon and it'll last an hour.
I got some takeout.
If you're hungry, you better eat
now
while there's still time,
you have half an hour.
- It says here there's a
run through at six o'clock.
What's that for?
- That's when you guys play
your set
just like you're
gonna play on air for real.
- Hmm. There's a big chunk
of time between our rehearsal
and the run through,
anything we have to do then?
- [Ginpei] Since this is your
first time playing live on TV,
the only thing on the
agenda today is this show.
I really want you to focus.
- [Nobu] What?
Does that mean we're not
allowed to go out at all
before the run through?
- Were you even listening to me?
I said, I wanted you to focus.
So focus.
- Listen, is it okay if I sleep
in the car during the break?
I'm gonna pass out from lack
of sleep and
I can't get any rest here.
- [Crew Member] Great.
That'll do it.
- Yasu!
All right. How you been doing?
- It's good to see you act like
this
even while you're on the clock.
- [Reira] You big traitor.
- Scary, isn't it, dude?
Women never seem to
forgive or forget.
- Hey, Ren, can we talk for a
minute?
- [Ren] What about?
- [Yasu] Just come with me.
Ren, are you on something again?
- [Ren] Hey, it's okay.
- [Yasu] No, it isn't.
I can tell by your eyes.
- [Ren] It's just a little,
- [Yasu] Just a little what?
- [Ren] It's not like
I gotta have it.
- It already is.
And you've gotta put
a stop to it.
- Sorry.
I'll quit, for real this time.
- [Yasu] Ren, you don't have to
worry.
I'm not gonna steal
Nana from you.
- [Ren] I guessed you wouldn't.
Since I can remember,
you've always given me
whatever I wanted.
But she also looked down
on me and it pisses me off.
- This is what happens
when you're not with Nana,
you become so unstable.
And she's the same way.
- She is?
- Yeah, she's been
hyperventilating.
And if things keep going on like
this,
who knows how
she'll end up.
It all started when Hachi left.
Nana was probably damaged a lot
from being abandoned by her
mother when she was young.
The two of you are just not
cut out for the music industry.
I see now that I never
should have encouraged you
to move to Tokyo.
Don't force yourself anymore,
Ren.
The truth is you'll
never be like me or Takumi.
You've gotta stop trying to
reason everything out and just
do what you want.
If you keep forcing things,
you're not gonna last long.
- [Mari] No matter how
many times I listen to
Shadow of Love, I never
get tired of it.
After tonight's show, a lot
of people are gonna feel the
same way.
And when the CD hits the
shelves, it'll sell out in a
flash.
- I think the sales
department overestimated
with 800,000 copies of
the single.
Well, I'm not gonna
take any heat if they're stuck
with a bunch of leftover CDs.
- How many CDs do you think
Blast is gonna put out?
- I don't know.
- They're so hot in the news
these days,
they might even break a
million.
- Yeah, they've got a
certain appeal,
but even Gaia wouldn't risk
putting out 800,000 copies
of a single for a new
band with no track record.
We'll hit number one on
the charts, for sure.
- [Naoki] Totally.
- Is that what you guys think?
- [Naoki] Huh?
- If I were Gaia, I'd try
to sell a million copies
on an initial release.
It's got nothing to
do with me but,
it still gives me
goosebumps
- But, isn't that too
big a gamble?
I mean, they've already spent
a couple hundred million yen
on promotion.
- But that's exactly
why they should do it.
Their hand was forced and they
had to invest so much already
that now they have to
recoup that investment.
They've gotta strike
while the iron's hot and
just maybe they'll
sell more than us.
Imagine the attention they
get if they beat Trapnest
on the charts.
If you walk into a store
and there's a pile of CDs
from a new band that's
just top the charts,
you're gonna buy it
purely outta curiosity.
- [Crew Member] Okay. Great job.
- Thanks a lot, you guys.
- [Nobu] Hey, Ginpei.
Can I go out for a bit
before the run through?
- Jeez, you're persistent.
Some girl you gotta be with?
- You know I don't
have a girlfriend.
- Good. Cause women are evil.
- [Shin] Ginpei, can I
have the car keys?
- [Ginpei] Are you feeling okay,
Shin?
I could find an empty
dressing room for you
to take a nap in.
- No, that's okay.
I'll sleep better in the bus.
- Ginpei, why are you
so much nicer to Shin
than you are to me?
- [Shin] Don't come and
wake me up until it's time.
- Oh, that kid has no
stamina for his age.
- It's more like you've
got too much stamina.
- Nana, we've got some downtime
for the next few hours,
why don't you go to your
dressing room and get some rest?
- Yeah, sure thing.
Since I got my own room, I
should really take advantage
of it and crash for
a little while.
You wanna sleep with me?
- Enough already.
- What's Nana gonna do?
- [Yasu] She's going
to take a nap.
- How come only the girls
get their own rooms?
- [Ginpei] Cause they're evil.
- What does he mean enough
already?
We haven't done anything yet.
How can he be so pure
and perfect all the time?
It's kind of boring.
He's like a Buddhist monk
who's reached the state of
enlightenment.
Maybe that means he loves
me like I'm his sister.
But, Yasu's a guy, and
all guys get horny.
I wonder if he jerks
off to Yuri.
I haven't been with
Ren for a month.
He's gotta be sleeping
with other women by now.
Not that I care.
I'd actually be relieved.
- Welcome home, rockstar.
- What are you doing here?
- House sitting.
I hope you don't mind
I took a cigarette.
You know, it's not smart
to leave your stuff in here
without locking the door.
Some sketchy guy could walk in
and take whatever he wanted.
- [Nana] I totally agree.
What if someone finds you in
here?
You gotta leave, now!
- Don't get mad at me.
I'm sorry if you feel
that I abandoned you for a
whole month.
- No, I'm not mad.
I mean, it's not like I made
any effort to see you either.
I have to end it.
Seeing each other every
now and then,
and talking with each other,
making love to each other,
like some couple in
a hip love drama.
It just won't work for us.
If we can't always be together,
it'd be easier to just end it.
I'm sure he'd feel the
same way if I asked him.
- [Ren] Nana, there's
something I've been wanting to
talk to you about.
Do you have time?
- [Nana] I prepared myself
for this, but I'm scared.
- That was fast.
- Well, I was hiding behind a
row of cars,
but I couldn't wait any longer.
This old van bus is so cute.
It stands out, so I found it
right away.
You're lucky you get driven
around in a cool ride like this
every day.
- Yeah, but the thing is
we don't wanna stand out
when we're driving around town.
- [Reira] But it has tinted
windows,
so no one can see inside.
- Then I guess you and I
can do whatever we want.
- Oh, what did you have in mind?
- This might be the perfect
chance to do what you wanted.
We could just be without
lies and pretense.
- Ugh.
No. How about this time we do
whatever it is you wanna do?
- What I wanna do?
- I'm not one of your
clients anymore, am I?
- Yeah, but to tell
you the truth,
what a guy like me wants
to do is pretty much
the same thing that
we've already been doing.
So don't worry about
doing anything for me.
I'll listen to whatever
you wanna talk about.
- But, you know, doing something
as a service is different
than having it done for you
willingly.
- [Ren] Come on, sit down.
No, not over there.
Why don't you come here?
- What's wrong with me being
here?
We're not gonna be making
out when we're having
this conversation, are we?
- Well then, I guess if that's
the way you want it to be.
- What is it?
Ren looks so thin.
He probably hasn't
been eating properly.
What is it?
Just say it already.
I feel like I'm gonna
suffocate to death.
- [Ren] Marry me.
- [Woman] Huh, they're shooting
something for a TV show.
Wonder who's in it.
- [Miu] What are you doing here,
don't you have a rehearsal?
Is that supposed to be a
disguise?
You stick out like a sore thumb.
- I've got some free time.
So I thought I'd drop
by and see for myself
how great an actor you are.
- You know I'm just an extra,
right?
- I'm loving the bank
teller outfit.
You look so mature.
- Why do I get the feeling
you've been hitting on me
ever since this morning?
- No, I didn't mean to.
Well, maybe just a little.
- You shouldn't tease
older women.
- [Nobu] No, wait.
I know I probably look younger,
but I'm actually 20 years old.
- Oh, really?
I thought you were still
a high school student.
- Three months from
now I'll be turning 21.
- In January? What day were
you born?
- On the 23rd.
- [Miu] So, you're an Aquarius.
- [Nobu] Yeah. All the guys
in my band are Aquarius.
- [Miu] Really?
- [Nobu] You're a Virgo, right?
September 22nd, blood type A.
My blood type's A too.
You look like you're a
teenager, but really you're 22.
I was surprised when I saw your
profile
on the agency's site.
But if we were in school,
we'd only be one grade apart.
- That's just what my profile
says.
- Then, how old are you?
- 27.
Oh, come on.
Don't die of shock or anything.
- Sorry for that.
- Whatever, I'm used to it.
I have to get back to work now.
- [Nobu] Sure.
Well, there goes that.
There's no way a 27 year old
woman
would have anything to
do with me.
Even with the age difference,
I bet she thinks she
can't depend on me.
Huh?
Are these wimpy guns
strong enough for you?
- Well, yeah, of course they
are.
- [Nana] When I was a kid,
I thought no one would
ever love me.
So that winter, when I was
16 and had sex with Ren
for the first time,
I thought I was having the
most unbelievable dream.
It didn't feel real.
- [Reira] Shin. My birthday's
gonna be coming up next week.
- Oh, happy birthday.
- There's nothing happy
about it. I'll be 23.
It makes me feel old.
- 23 is still young.
- But I'll be eight years older
than you.
- Seven years, actually.
My birthday's next week too.
I'll be 16.
- Huh? On what day?
- November 1st.
I'm a Scorpio, blood type AB.
- We're the same.
- What? Really?
- Uh-huh. It's the
red string of fate.
- But you told me before that
you didn't believe in fate.
- I believe it now.
- [Nana] To be loved by
the man I was in love with,
that was a miracle for me.
I believed it was fate
for us to be together.
- [Ren] Nana.
So, will you?
- Again, already?
You're such a horn dog.
- No, I'm serious. Nana,
I need to know.
Will you marry me?
- No way.
- If you won't, I know I'll die.
- Then go die by yourself.
- No way. I'm
taking you with me.
- Then just kill me.
He nearly did kill me.
And then he took me to heaven
with him.
I guess I'm a pervert too.
- You look a lot better, Nana.
Were you able to get some sleep?
- Shut up, Baldy.
Just shut it.
- What are you-
- Because you didn't have
the guts to sleep with me,
I ended up having sex
with Ren again.
That fool really went too
far this time.
I definitely won't marry him.
- [Shin] My guess is she looks
better cause of the makeup.
Mika's got some real skills.
- No, it's all pheromones.
Ren's got the skills.
When I was on my way here,
I saw him coming out of
Nana's dressing room.
- That's bold to do it
right in your dressing room.
- No, I didn't.
- This is good news.
- What's so good about it,
Baldy?
- You don't have to worry.
In fact, you guys don't
need to sneak off to do it.
The staff already knows you
two are a lovey-dovey couple.
- [Nana] We are not lovey-dovey.
That bastard broke into my
room before I even got there.
- Nana, I know Ren tries to act
all cool
but he's no different
from when he was a kid.
So try to be a little nicer to
him.
Please.
- Now I get it.
The reason Yasu's
always turned down
the chance to sleep with me
is not cause he is
a Buddhist monk,
or cause he thinks of
me as his little sister.
- [Naoki] Yasu!
- It's simply because
I'm Ren's girlfriend.
Why didn't I ever notice
something so obvious before?
- This is like a class reunion.
- [Yasu] An unexpected
one in many-
- [Nana] The reason Yasu
sacrifices himself to protect me
is because Ren's not
capable of doing it himself.
- You just wanted to see
me, right Yasu?
- [Nana] He does it for Ren.
Yasu's bond with Ren is
much stronger
than the one he has with me.
They've been friends
since Ren was born.
In the same orphanage.
The last thread of hope
I was holding on to
never actually existed.
No one can save me from the
pain of drowning in Ren's love.
Only Ren can save me.
It's my fate.
I can't escape it.
- Hey Nobu, you doing okay?
- Yeah.
- [Nana] Why does this guy's
mere presence spell trouble.
His very existence is evil.
He has to be the demon lord.
- Long time no see, Nobu.
- Your woman's getting
weirder and weirder, man.
- Same to you, Shin.
How's it going?
- Yeah. It's been a while,
Reira.
- [Nana] There she is,
the diva herself. Reira.
Well, I'm here too,
on the same stage.
And she's looking right at me.
She's coming.
- It's so great to
finally meet you, Nana.
I'm Reira from Trapnest.
I hope we become BFFs.
- Me too.
Note to self, never
underestimate this woman.
- That's the biggest TV I've
ever seen.
- [Hachi] Yeah. I convinced
Takumi me to buy me
the biggest one in the store.
I had to rearrange
the room around it.
- Don't you think you're
going a little overboard
with everything?
You do realize how spoiled
you are, don't you?
- That's actually not true.
He's really strict with me.
He tells me if I don't behave,
he won't blow dry my
hair after I take a bath.
- Then blow dry it yourself.
- [Hachi] I can't wait for
it to be eight o'clock.
We still have two hours to wait.
- Watching the clock won't
make time go any faster.
So in the meantime, are
you hungry?
Let's get some
takeout.
- Hey, if salad and
pasta sound cool to you
I can whip something up.
I made lots of sauce
with the tomatoes
your parents sent from home.
- Wow. It seems you've
changed your expertise from
falling in love with guys at
first sight to cooking sauces.
- [Hachi] I'm really into
cooking lately.
I'm not nauseous anymore,
so I was thinking of
taking a class.
I wanna be an Iron Chef
like on TV.
- Well, if anything, now you
found something you're good at.
Perhaps coming to Tokyo
was worth it in the end.
- But you know, I've
realized if I lived on my own
I wouldn't have gotten as
good at cooking as I am now.
I really don't like to
cook just for myself.
- Yeah. I know what you mean.
- I think what I enjoy
the most about cooking
is being able to see
people enjoying my food.
It makes me feel happy
and you know, useful.
Plus, Nana's cooking was
always way too salty.
Everybody complained about it,
so I had to cook
almost every day.
Cause of that,
I got better at it.
I mean too much salt has got
to be bad for your health.
- Then I guess it's
all thanks to the guru.
- Huh?
- [Junko] Nana's also the one
who introduced you to Takumi,
right?
Now look where that's led you.
You talk a lot about your
good memories, but you know
I've never seen you as
happy as you are now.
It seems you finally have
both feet on the ground.
It's a relief.
- [Nana] Hey Hachi, back then,
I was full of deep regret.
Because I was the one who
introduced you to Takumi.
But if you're still with
him now, and you're happy
that makes me feel better.
It's my last ray of hope.